Story Recapped here. Today,
I'm going to explain a drama,
horror, mystery film called "The Rental."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
In their office, Charlie and his business
partner, Mina, browse images of a seaside house,
planning a weekend retreat to celebrate closing
a deal. Charlie's brother and Mina's boyfriend,
Josh, walk in to pick up Mina. They share their
plans for the weekend with Josh, who agrees.
At their house, Charlie discusses
the trip with his wife, Michelle.
Michelle comments on Mina's good effect on Josh,
who seemed to have given up on life before meeting
her. Charlie doesn't trust Josh, however, listing
down his brother's misbehaviors in the past.
That weekend, Charlie picks up Mina and Josh,
arguing that they shouldn't bring their dog,
Reggie, to the trip, but they insist. During
the drive, they discuss why the renter denied
Mina's rental request but accepts Charlie's. Josh
believes that the renter is a bigot, given that
Mina is of Middle-Eastern descent, but Charlie
insists on giving the benefit of the doubt.
The group arrives at the
house and meets the caretaker,
Taylor. Mina asks if he's the owner, but
her tone offends Taylor. He corrects her
that it's his brother's house then asks Mina
how she got involved in Charlie's family.
Mina is offended by the question and starts to
think twice about giving her money to Taylor.
Taylor gives the group a tour of
the house. The group is amazed by
both the house and the ocean view. When
Taylor talks about the stars at night,
Michelle laments that she didn't bring her
telescope. Taylor jokes that a telescope
in the city is meant for peeping, then
offers to let them borrow his instead.
Before Taylor leaves, Mina confronts him about
being denied when she tried to rent the house.
Taylor becomes defensive and
refuses to answer her questions.
As Charlie and Michelle unpack
the groceries in the kitchen,
Taylor peeks into the kitchen
window before driving away.
While setting up her clothes in the bedroom,
Michelle notices dirt on the
sheets that she sweeps off.
Josh plays with Reggie outside but tosses
the ball too far. He goes under the house's
deck to retrieve a ball and notices a
basement entrance with a keypad lock.
While walking by the beach, Michelle
and Josh talk about their partners.
Josh admits that he's afraid of losing
Mina since he can't keep up with her.
Michelle assures him that all
he needs is to support Mina.
At dusk, the group returns home
to find Taylor's telescope.
Mina worries that Taylor can come into the
house as he pleases while they're staying there.
During dinner, Josh, Charlie, and Mina take molly,
but Michelle doesn't join, wanting to sleep
early. After getting into a fight with Charlie,
Josh leaves. When Mina checks on him,
he's already asleep on the couch.
Mina goes back outside, seeing Charlie open the
hot tub. She and Charlie get in the hot tub,
toasting their outstanding
partnership and careers. Intoxicated,
they kiss but are interrupted by Reggie's
barking and whining. Feeling awkward,
Mina decides to go to bed. Unbeknownst
to them, someone watches them from afar.
Mina takes a shower, thinking about the kiss. The
bathroom door opens, and she sees Charlie walk in.
The two continue their
passionate night in the shower.
On the following day, Josh and
Michelle are excited about their hike,
but Mina and Charlie are too hungover
to go with them. Once they're alone,
Mina and Charlie decide they can't
repeat what happened the last night.
While on the hike, Michelle reveals to Josh that
Charlie already had a girlfriend when she met him.
Josh isn't surprised, knowing that Charlie
had cheated on previous girlfriends before.
This bothers Michelle.
Meanwhile, in the woods,
a person is following the two.
Back at the house, Mina takes a shower
and notices something on the showerhead.
Charlie confirms that it's a camera, and there's
also one in the shower where they spent the night.
Charlie thinks twice about reporting it,
knowing that the camera caught them cheating.
They discuss their options, but Michelle
and Josh arrive before they can make a plan.
They decide to pretend that nothing
happened. Charlie greets his wife,
but Michelle ignores him. He follows her
to their bedroom, where Michelle asks him
about his past girlfriends, accusing him of
having a cheating pattern. Charlie realizes
that Josh told her and defends that he doesn't
remember the details of his past relationships.
Back in the living room, Charlie
smacks Josh before taking a seat.
Michelle invites them to take molly again, but
the others are tired from the previous night.
Michelle gets pissed and takes
recreational pills by herself.
Later that day, Josh prepares food for his
dog, but Mina forgot to take Reggie inside.
They head out and find Reggie is missing. Mina,
Charlie, and Josh try to find Reggie
but give up when nighttime comes.
They arrive back at the house, where Michelle
tells them she called Taylor to fix the broken
hot tub. Charlie and Mina are bothered by
this. Josh wonders if Taylor took his dog,
planning to confront him about it.
A drunk Taylor finally arrives,
and Josh immediately starts asking him questions
about his dog, but Taylor denies taking Reggie.
Out on the deck, Taylor successfully fixes
the hot tub. He goes out of the house,
seeing Mina searching for Reggie. Taylor assures
her that he won't report to his brother
that they brought a dog in the house.
Pissed, Mina takes him to the
shower and shows him the camera,
threatening to call the cops. Taylor claims he
doesn't know about it, but Mina doesn't believe
him. Thinking it's a scam, Taylor starts calling
the police, and Mina tries to take his phone away.
Hearing the commotion from
outside, Josh rushes in.
Seeing Mina in trouble, he tackles Taylor into the
tub and beats him. Charlie and Michelle hear the
fight and run back inside. Charlie pulls his
brother off of Taylor, who's now unconscious.
Outside, Mina finally confesses
about the camera in the shower
but doesn't mention her night with Charlie.
She tells them how she confronted Taylor and
panicked, which led to Josh beating the caretaker.
Somewhere in the dark, an unknown person
watches their conversation through a cell phone.
With the group outside, the person goes
into the house and suffocates Taylor.
The group argues on what to do. Josh
and Michelle want to call the police,
despite Charlie's warnings that Josh might get
in trouble. Michelle goes in to make the call,
but Charlie stops her, reporting
that Taylor is no longer breathing.
Josh is terrified, thinking that he caused
it. Michelle still feels that they should
go to the police, but Charlie and Mina want
to protect Josh. Charlie plots to stage an
accident and destroy the footage from the hidden
camera. Michelle is horrified and storms off,
not wanting to go with their plan.
Charlie, Mina, and Josh clean up the
evidence and take Taylor's body away.
Before leaving, Charlie checks on Michelle,
who tells him that they'll be compromised
as well by not reporting what happened.
The three throw Taylor's body down a cliff,
but it lands on a rock instead of the water.
Not wanting to risk getting caught, Josh
climbs down to push it into the sea.
He slips and falls on top of the body,
allowing him to push it into the water.
Back at the house, Michelle is packing up but
hears a shower turn on. She checks the bathrooms,
but all of the showers are turned off. She
follows the sound and finds a television
that shows Mina and Charlie's activity
in the shower from the previous night.
Mina, Charlie, and Josh walk back to the house,
not noticing a masked man walking behind
them. They see Michelle driving off,
and Charlie chases her. She stops to tell him
that she saw the footage. Charlie is exasperated,
apologizing to her. When he asks where he found
the footage, Michelle gets pissed and drives away.
Josh is nervous, thinking that Michelle
will go to the police. But Charlie
tells him that they should continue
with the plan and find the footage.
While Michelle is driving, her tires burst,
causing her to hit a tree. She checks the road
and sees the spike strip that flattened her tires.
Afraid, she goes back in the car and begins typing
on her phone to ask Charlie for help. She doesn't
notice the masked man running to the car window.
Charlie receives a message from Michelle,
learning that she crashed the car.
He runs out of the house, telling the others that
he'll help her. He finds their car on the road,
but it's abandoned, with a window smashed. Charlie
calls Michelle's phone and hears it down the road.
He sees the phone's screen from
afar and walks to it. But he stops,
stepping over Michelle's body. Distracted,
the masked man rushes to him and hits him.
Josh and Mina try to open the door from under
the house, thinking that the cameras' receiver
is there. Josh kicks the lock open and enters.
There, they search through the cluttered boxes.
Josh finds some disturbing photos
but refuses to show them to Mina.
Josh cries, regretting all
the trouble he caused them.
Mina comforts him, assuring
him that it wasn't his fault.
He asks to be left alone for a while, so
Mina goes to continue searching elsewhere.
Josh sifts through the boxes again
but stops when he hears the door.
He goes to check but stops when he receives
an audio recording of Mina and Charlie.
Josh goes inside, letting Mina hear
the recording that he received.
It's the conversation Mina and Charlie
had about what happened the night before.
Josh presses Mina to explain but receives the
video recording of Mina and Charlie in the shower.
They hear the front door open, and Josh
rushes down, thinking that it's Charlie.
Multiple cameras around the house record an angry
Josh looking for Charlie, but he isn't anywhere.
Josh opens a closet and gets hit on the head.
Mina peeks downstairs and sees Josh on the
floor. From the closet, the masked man emerges.
The terrified Mina hurries up the stairs to
escape. The masked man goes to chase her,
but Josh weakly grabs his leg. The masked man
finishes off Josh before heading up the stairs.
Upstairs, the masked man sees Mina's shoe on the
ground from the balcony. Thinking she jumped,
he climbs down the stairs, not knowing
that Mina was still hiding in the room.
When he's gone, Mina comes
out and heads down the stairs.
She tries to flee as quietly as
she can but can't stop her cries.
She grabs a screwdriver from a bag before
getting ambushed by the man outside.
Mina stabs him in the face with the screwdriver,
causing her to fall down the stairs and injuring
her foot. The masked man removes the screwdriver
from his face and heads down in pursuit.
Mina limps into the foggy woods, desperate
to escape. But her injury slows her down;
the masked man closes in on her. Mina trips
and quickly hides behind a tree. Behind her,
the masked man looks around, searching for her.
Mina covers her mouth to silence her gasps.
Thinking that the man went in another
direction, she sprints forward.
The man hears her running and gives
chase. With the darkness and fog,
Mina can't see what's in front of her. With
a gasp, she accidentally falls into a cliff.
The masked man catches up,
looking down the cliff, but
Mina is nowhere in sight. With his deed done, the
masked man goes back to the house and cleans up.
He loads the spike strip into Taylor's truck
and returns the hammer to Taylor's toolbox.
He removes the hidden cameras throughout
the house and the receiver from the attic.
The following morning, he takes off
his mask and sees Reggie return safely.
Without his owners around,
Reggie heads out on his own.
Soon after the events, the man
rents a new property in the city.
There, he makes a copy of the key
and installs hidden cameras inside.
Days go by, and new renters of the
property are recorded in his camera,
oblivious to the danger. One night, the masked man
walks in on a sleeping couple in the new property.